validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/6.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/6.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/6.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/7.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/7.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/7.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/4.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/4.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/4.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/2.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/2.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/2.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/1.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/1.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/1.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/5.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/5.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/5.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/8.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/8.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/8.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/3.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/3.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/3.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/9.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/9.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/9.png
validation/CraftedTrap/left_rect/0.png validation/CraftedTrap/right_rect/0.png validation/CraftedTrap/gt_disp/0.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/6.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/6.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/6.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/7.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/7.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/7.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/13.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/13.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/13.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/4.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/4.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/4.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/2.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/2.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/2.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/1.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/1.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/1.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/5.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/5.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/5.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/11.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/11.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/11.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/8.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/8.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/8.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/3.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/3.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/3.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/9.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/9.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/9.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/16.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/16.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/16.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/12.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/12.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/12.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/15.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/15.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/15.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/10.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/10.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/10.png
validation/RealTrap/left_rect/14.png validation/RealTrap/right_rect/14.png validation/RealTrap/gt_disp/14.png
